[7983] Change apostrophes from straight to curly style (#5043)
DFE-Digital/register-trainee-teachers: docs/adr/0002-use-adr-tools-with-custom-template.md

#### Cons

> - seems quite a bit more complicated (not necessarily in usage, didn’t get that

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- seems quite a bit more complicated (not necessarily in usage, did not get that
```
